(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Well, indeed, 197 subpoenas on 430 individuals and
groups.
And what we do know is there were
nine senators.
I was one of the nine, as you
said.
And it appears that Judge James Boasberg, an
Obama appointee, a leftist, signed the subpoenas for
our phone records from January of 21.
Now, AT&T did not comply with that.
They challenged it and saw it as a
violation of the speech and debate clause.
Verizon, my carrier, did not move to quash
or challenge it.
And so they complied.
It was every phone call that was made
or received where I physically stood when I
received the call and then who the call
was either made to or from.
So very invasive.
It truly is a violation of the First
and Fourth Amendment rights.
It is a violation of the separation of
powers, the speech and debate, and the Stored
Communications Act.
And the kicker on all of this is
that Judge Boasberg put a nondisclosure order on
top of the subpoena, saying that the carrier
could not inform us of what had been
subpoenaed and then also stating the reason for
not disclosing was fearful of flight risk or
intimidating witnesses or destroying or tampering with evidence,
which all of this is absurd and ridiculous.
And it just shows you how deeply weaponized
the FBI and the DOJ was under Joe
Biden because April 4th of 22, Chris Wray
wrote a memo to Merrick Garland.
Lisa Monaco said sign off on this thing.
And on April 5th, Merrick Garland signed off
on the memo to establish Arctic Frost.
And the nebulous, vague language in that memo
is something everybody should read.
And it should really cause you to say,
OK, if they did this to nine sitting
U.S. senators, what are they doing to
every conservative in this country?